# Supervised Machine Learning Homework - Predicting Credit Risk

In this assignment, you will be building a machine learning model that attempts to predict whether a loan will be approved or not. 

## My Prediction

I think the logistic regression model will perform stronger than the random forest classifier. From what I understand, logistic regression tend to work better around simple variables and numbers whereas Random Forest Classifier performs better with more categorical data and outliers. Loans approval is mostly always going to result in a "Yes" or "No" when it comes to approval requests.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Background

Lending services companies allow individual investors to partially fund personal loans as well as buy and sell notes backing the loans on a secondary market. This data will be used to 

You will be using this data to create machine learning models to classify the risk level of given loans. Specifically, you will be comparing the Logistic Regression model and Random Forest Classifier.

## Instructions

### Retrieve the data

The data is located in the Resources folder.

* `lending_data.csv`

Import the data using Pandas.

## Consider the models

You will be creating and comparing two models on this data: a logistic regression, and a random forests classifier. Before you create, fit, and score the models, make a prediction as to which model you think will perform better. You do not need to be correct! Write down (in markdown cells in your Jupyter Notebook or in a separate document) your prediction, and provide justification for your educated guess.

## Fit a LogisticRegression model and RandomForestClassifier model

Create a LogisticRegression model, fit it to the data, and print the model's score. Do the same for a RandomForestClassifier. You may choose any starting hyperparameters you like. Which model performed better? How does that compare to your prediction? Write down your results and thoughts.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Conclusion

The results show that there's not much differnce between the two models. Both test and training scores are closely similar and both models seem to work very well in determining accurate results for loan approvals


### References

Loan Approval Dataset (2022). Data generated by Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand, and is intended for educational purposes only.

- - -

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.



